In order to call the {{ stache.config.api_type_name }}, you'll need a subscription associated with your developer account.  This subscription represents our permission for you to call the API, and you'll include your subscription key in the `bb-api-subscription-key` header on every request (see <a href="#request-headers" class="smooth-scroll">request headers</a>).

To obtain a subscription, visit the <a href="{{ stache.config.portal_products }}" target="_blank">Products</a> page, select <strong>{{ stache.config.api_product_name }}</strong> and click <strong>Review terms and subscribe</strong> to initiate the request process. You must review all the terms by scrolling down the page before you can agree to the terms and subscribe.
You will receive an email notification when your request is approved, and you'll be able to locate your subscription details within your developer <a href="{{ stache.config.portal_profile }}" target="_blank">profile</a>.

<p class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note:&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong>Currently, {{ stache.config.product_name_short }} access is limited to Blackbaud <a href="https://www.blackbaud.com/partners">Partners</a> and customers using {{ stache.config.renxt }} or {{ stache.config.fenxt }}. Subscription requests are reviewed and must be approved by Blackbaud. If you are interested in using {{ stache.config.product_name_short }} to build an integration for a specific customer, contact that organization's administrator to receive a user invite for the Blackbaud product. If you are interested in using {{ stache.config.product_name_short}} to build an integration for multiple customers, we encourage you to <a href="https://www.blackbaud.com/partners/become-a-partner">become a partner</a>.</p>

### Why two subscription keys?
Blackbaud provides two subscription keys labeled **primary key** and **secondary key**. You are free to use either in your requests to the API. As a security best practice it’s a good idea to rotate which key your applications use when calling the API. This mitigates the risk of a compromised key. Blackbaud won’t mandate a key rotation schedule. You are free to adopt a rotation strategy that best fits your needs.   We also give you a mechanism to regenerate the keys associated with your subscription(s) in your Developer account <strong><a href="{{ stache.config.portal_profile }}" target= "_blank">profile</a></strong>.</p>